horniness a change on Oh No thank you
whatever sorrow I think in the morning
like nine Anna's loving up a fistfight
gelée
right okay well I'll give you a call
later good luck
call me right away I'll get ready all
right love you let me stay by spice but
chinito her is staying in New York he
just changed ticket actually cancel my
cancels our ticket definitely so we're
gonna surprise the parents mostly
Jeannie Daniel wants to meet you I'm
sure I'm excited to meet Daniel yeah I
usually get nervous about meeting
parents yeah but I'm now a badass oh
well what she wasn't do are just
chilling the time is freaking out
everything has to be clean we have like
15 minutes why is there a pile of
clothes on the chair place your Hill
hair gel on the ground why is there what
we're doin oh yeah let's trash it's me
up thanks to it
I'll just have to be clean look at me a
calm down oh my yeah better here's the
deal John and I have been working all
day editing videos my parents plane just
came in early and see we have to make
this entire department look like John
isn't here anymore you're not here
anymore we need a queen
[Music]
at least crap off the floor what a
whirlwind change of plans my front desk
person was just like oh you should go
check out the roof deck up on the Pinta
apparently a my building has a roof deck
oh yeah I just wanna say on record I was
not the one who instigated this I'm
meeting my girlfriend's parents for the
first time it was not my plan to
surprise slash prank them but I'm all
aboard
[Music]
and I know
why was I even tell yo guys look at my
rooftop this is insane
here you see what your first reaction to
the apartment so they're looking what
the gym thank you
[Music]
other good tactics for you
[Applause]
[Music]
Daniel this is my mother if you did not
know my father with this pops pocket
they're so hip guys but apparently not
hip enough because what have you never
done before okay your first fidget
spinner ever oh my gosh look at that Wow
catch it catch it oh let's see if you
can do it to me so start spinning it and
then throw it to me like that
whoa you're good roar oh alright if I
don't shine for you really 45 more
showers and let's call it yeah one more
chance drop it I know you can't oh
[Music]
goodness gracious guy let's do a quick
quick recap everyone I love is in New
York City right now boyfriends mom and
father the only person missing is my
brother brother why are you not here why
are you still in Texas do you not love
me
the second thing that blows my mind I
don't know how I didn't ask about this
they just didn't mention it when I was
looking at this apartment I have a roof
and
stunning this is going to make me
popular with my friends I'm going to get
more friends of course we'll be using me
for my roof but friends so my heart is
very happy right now I hope you guys
enjoyed that fun little surprising the
parents but since the beginning of the
video so exciting I figured let's just
open up some packages that was Amazon
Prime day and I got a few deal nothing
too crazy but it's got me on Amazon and
I got me thinking oh I need to buy all
these things that's how they get you by
now you guys know that I have the new
MacBook and this was one of the
accessories that people recommended is
called the hyperdrive
so you basically plug this into your
MacBook directly and you get all of
these things that you would need
Gumbel's for so this uses two USB C
slots you basically get everything you
need ah here is a UH container
I just love containing things this
little thing I have below my bed this
right here and you can put stuff in
there we go che about one more
dang it we got a lens cap for my sunny
because I'm always doing you have
another one of these MacBook dongle
accessory things I'm trying out multiple
one we have a USBC cable for a USB hard
drive this allows me to plug my hard
drive directly into my computer oh my
gosh stuff like mikoshi the GM of
youtube everyone loves liza i watch all
of her videos whatever videos was
sponsored by Calvin Klein shoes wearing
calvin klein t-shirt audience she
was like use disco in order to get a
discount off of a Calvin Klein shirt via
Amazon that would like yes I want to be
cool in like Calvin Klein Amazon fashion
that's so neat because I love Amazon but
it is interest because it's like a crop
top thing but I wear high-waisted jeans
a lot so we'll see try it on to try it
on guys because this was a very
expensive white shirt all right let's
see how a large okay development I don't
like it I'm going to bring it back Liza
what the heck you misled me this isn't
cute alright I tried to be
fashion-forward and just can't excited
I'm the last box so something so
riveting I hope this box has my Expo
markers in it yeah I don't want to brag
or anything I got this huge thing of
Expo markers for only $7 via Amazon
Prime day this is usually like 20
American dollar my desk and everything
is a mess but if you can see in this
corner it's a big whiteboard and behind
it is another white board this is where
I write down a lot of my lists and ideas
I love just writing stuff down it helps
me keep it straight in my head if you're
curious like how to make a map of white
board because white boards are actually
really expensive this is just material
from Home Depot so it's one sheet of a
special kind of white material I'll put
in the description I can't think of the
name right now but I took that material
I had them cut it in half in the store
behind it I just guerrilla glued two
pieces of wood and voila you got you got
the white boards thank you guys so much
for hanging out with me it was so fun
currently obsessed with making videos
right now and talking to you guys if
you're new around here on the channel
welcome welcome to the peachy BAM it is
so lovely to have you new videos every
single Monday through Friday let me know
if you like this video hit that
subscribe button down below for new
Friday's for new Friday's for new videos
every Monday through Friday baby okay
[Music]
[Applause]
you